[droid beeping]
The next time I give you an order
to scour through the green goo,
you scour through the green goo.
[droid beeps]
Even if it melted your circuits,
I'd repair you like I did
that time on Andro Prime.
And Skara Nal.
[droid beeping]
[scoffs] Fill it up, Olly. The usual.
- Mmm. You got it, Phee.
- [droid beeps]
[Phee] Who cares
if your panels don't match?
Patchy bodywork shows grit.
[droid beeping]
All right, all right.
I won't push you in next time.
[console whirs]
[beeping]
[alarm sounds]
[powers down]
[alarm stops]
[droid beeping]
You're grouchy
when you're not fully charged.
- Go power up and relax.
- [droid chirps]
[Olly] That will be 1,600 credits.
Keep the change, Olly.
[Olly] See you next time.
[console whirs]
The Trandoshan's intel paid off.
I tracked the pirate
and accessed her navicomputer.
She tried to cover her tracks,
but I broke the encryption.
What did you find?
She frequented a planet in the Outer Rim.
I'm headed there now to do recon.
Send the coordinates.
I'll have a full division on standby
if you acquire a visual on the target.
- [button beeps]
- [engines powering up]
[Gonky honks]
That's gotta be all of it, right?
We still need to grab the rations.
Keep loading up the ship. We'll be back.
[groans] Fine.
But at least bring me back an ice cone.
No, no, no. M-Make it two.
[Crosshair groans]
[Gonky honks]
[chuckles] Good to see you.
[pants, coos]
[chuckles] Good girl, Batcher.
[villagers chattering, laughing]
[panting]
[Lyana] I wish you didn't have to leave.
Me too, but Hunter thinks
it's safer for everyone if we do.
What do you think of this spot?
[Batcher panting]
It's perfect.
So, which treasures did you bring?
[Omega sighs]
You sure you wanna leave these behind?
Pabu was the first place
that felt like a home.
This way, a piece of us is still here.
Well, I'll make sure these stay safe
until you come back.
Because you will come back, right?
I hope so.
- [howls]
- [laughs]
[grunts]
[honks]
I don't even think there's room
on this ship for all this gear.
[honking]
Oh, yeah?
Well, maybe I should leave you behind.
[honking]
[console beeping]
[beeping continues]
[beeping stops]
[beeping]
[beeps]
[birds squawking]
What is it?
Not sure, but I don't like it.
Omega, time to go.
Copy.
[beeps]
[beeping]
[Scorch] Report.
I've got eyes on the target.
[Scorch] Ground them
and wait for the division.
She must be recovered unharmed.
No mistakes this time.
And the clones she is with?
[Scorch] If they get in your way,
eliminate them.
We're sorry to see you go,
but you're all welcome here anytime.
Thanks for everything, Shep.
I'll see you soon.
[powers up]
[beeping]
- [honking]
- [shouts]
[shouts]
[crowd shouting, clamoring]
[Batcher grunting]
[gasps] Wrecker? Wrecker!
Mox and Stak, take Wrecker to Shep's.
Deke, get AZI-3 to patch him up, and fast.
On it.
Ships don't just blow up.
We've been compromised.
[rumbling]
Everyone, get to cover!
[crowd screaming]
[clamoring]
Cut off all escape routes.
Destroy any ships or sea skiffs in sight.
Yes, sir.
[crowd shouting, clamoring]
This is all my fault.
They're attacking because of me.
It's the Empire's fault. Not yours.
You have to stay focused.
[Crosshair] They're destroying
all means of escape
and jamming our comms.
We have to steal one of their gunships.
Once we're out of range,
we can contact Echo.
I'll handle it.
You two, get to Shep's
and wait with Wrecker until I signal you.
Lock down the town.
Search every domicile until you find her.
What do you think you're doing?
Who are you?
The mayor of this town.
You've opened fire on my village
and its people
without warning and without reason.
Under what pretense are you attacking?
We are here to collect
a fugitive you've been harboring.
- You can't just barge in here...
- I've barely done anything yet.
You destroyed our docks
and fishing skiffs. Our livelihood.
I have simply cut off her means of escape.
But I can do worse.
I know the girl is here.
Until she's turned over to me,
your island will burn.
[villagers screaming in distance]
[comms chatter]
[growling]
Batcher.
You can't do this! It's our home! [grunts]
[barking]
[stormtrooper 1 groans]
[barks]
[stormtrooper 2] Get it!
Batcher can handle herself. Let's go.
[gasps] Lyana!
Omega! My-My dad, he said to hide here.
[sighs] I'm so scared.
I know. I'm so sorry.
Omega, I am relieved it is you.
How's Wrecker, AZI?
He is still unconscious,
but his vitals are stable.
[Wrecker groaning]
- [villager] You can't order us around...
- Where is your identification?
- [grunts]
- [stormtrooper] Search the property.
[grunting]
[groans]
[comms chatter]
[gasps]
Huh? [grunts, shouts]
[screams]
[alarm blaring]
Crosshair, is that Hunter?
- [alarm continues]
- Uh-huh.
My vessel's been compromised.
I can't shake him!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Where is he? Do you see him?
He's fine.
[comms chatter]
[sighs] Safer than we are at the moment.
What do we do? Troopers will be here soon.
Hunter would want us to stick to the plan.
There's no hiding, Crosshair.
The Empire knows I'm here.
They won't stop searching
until they find me.
[sighs]
Our only choice is to let them capture me.
What?
Look at what they've already done.
I can't let the people here suffer more
because of me.
You'll be taken back to Tantiss.
Exactly.
We've been trying to find
those coordinates, and nothing's worked.
But if I keep my comm on me
and turn myself over,
you can track me to Tantiss.
This is our chance.
Our chance to finally rescue the clones
imprisoned there.
No. They'll search you and find it.
It won't work.
Well, then shoot a secondary tracker
onto the ship that they take me away on.
Too many unknown variables.
It's not a viable plan.
It's all we've got.
And it's my choice.
Omega.
Focus on the bigger mission, Crosshair.
I'm just a small part of it.
Stop.
I surrender.
Stay alert.
I neutralized the other two clones
with her, but not the third.
Take me and leave the island alone.
The people here are innocent.
Then you never should have come here
in the first place.
Scan her for tracking devices.
[beeping]
[chimes]
Give it to me.
Fine.
[grunts]
[pants, coughs]
- [rustling]
- [snarling]
[barks]
[whimpering]
[panting]
[barks]
[beeps]
[panting]
[stormtrooper] Over here!
[sighs]
Target acquired. Returning to base.
[buttons beeping]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[engines powering up]